Lo-Kag "Wordpainter" Anakalathai

    Race: Goliath
    Gender: Male
    Class: Cleric
    Background: Folk Hero
    Occupation: Artisan or guild member
    Description:
        Appearance: Missing fingers
        High Ability: Wisdom-perceptive, spiritual, insightful
        Low Ability: Charisma-dull, boring
        Talent: Great at one game
        Mannerism: Stares into the distance
        Interaction Trait: Curious
        Values: Knowledge (Neutral), Loyal to a benefactor, patron, or employer
        Flaw or Secret: Arrogance

Class: Cleric

    Divine Domain: Forge Domain
    Personality:
        Temple: You come from a temple famed for the brewery it operates. Some say you smell like one of its ales.
        Keepsake: A scroll that describes how best to rid the world of necromancers
        Secret: Even though you can work divine magic, you have never truly felt the presence of a divine essence within yourself.
        Became a cleric because: A supernatural being in service to the gods called me to become a divine agent in the world.

Race: Goliath

    Physical Characteristics:
        Age: 54 years
        Height: 7'4"
        Weight: 354 lbs.
        Eyes: Blue
        Skin: Gray
        Hair: Black

Background: Folk Hero

    Trait: When I set my mind to something, I follow through no matter what gets in my way.
    Ideal: Might. If I become strong, I can take what I want- what I deserve. (Evil)
    Bond: I wish my childhood sweetheart had come with me to pursue my destiny.
    Flaw: I'm convinced of the significance of my destiny, and blind to my shortcomings and the risk of failure.
    Defining Event: I stood alone against a terrible monster.
    Became a folk hero because: I have always stood up for those who are weaker than I am.
	
Life:

Alignment: Chaotic Good
Origin:
	Birthplace: Among people of a different race
	Absent Parent(s): Your parent(s) was/were imprisoned, enslaved, or otherwise taken away
	Family Lifestyle: Modest
	Childhood Home: Large house
	Childhood Memories: I always found it easy to make friends, and I loved being around people.
Life Events:
	Boon: You found a treasure map.
	Someone Important: You met an important human, who is friendly towards you.
	Job: You spent time working in a job related to your background. Start the game with an extra 2d6 gp.
Trinket: A tiny gnome-crafted music box that plays a song you dimly remember from your childhood