Seven Thundercloud "Thunder" Rumbling River

    Race: Tabaxi
    Gender: Male
    Class: Monk
    Background: Inheritor
    Occupation: Merchant
    Description:
        Appearance: Unusual hair color
        High Ability: Strength-powerful, brawny, strong as an ox
        Low Ability: Dexterity-clumsy, fumbling
        Talent: Speaks several languages fluently
        Mannerism: Fidgets
        Interaction Trait: Irritable
        Values: Live and let live (Neutral), Drawn to a special place
        Flaw or Secret: Specific phobia
		
Class: Monk

    Monastic Tradition: Way of the Open Hand
    Personality:
        Monastery: Your monastery was carved from an iceberg in the frozen reaches of the world.
        Monastic Icons: Monkey. Quick reflexes and the ability to travel through the treetops are two of the reasons why your order admires the monkey.
        Master: Your master seemed goodhearted while tutoring you, but betrayed your monastery in the end.
        Became a monk because: I stumbled into a portal to the Shadowfell and took refuge in a strange monastery, where I learned how to defend myself against the forces of darkness.

Race: Tabaxi

    Physical Characteristics:
        Age: 28 years
        Height: 5'8"
        Weight: 130 lbs.
        Eyes: Yellow
        Hair: Orange
    Tabaxi Obsession: A god or planar entity
    Tabaxi Quirk: Your tail always betrays your inner thoughts.

Background: Inheritor

    Trait: I judge people by their actions, not their words.
    Ideal: Freedom. Tyrants must not be allowed to oppress the people. (Chaotic)
    Bond: I worked the land, I love the land, and I will protect the land.
    Flaw: The tyrant who rules my land will stop at nothing to see me killed.
	
Life:

    Alignment: Chaotic Good
    Origin:
        Birthplace: In a prison or in the headquarters of a secret organization
        Absent Parent(s): Your parent(s) was/were imprisoned, enslaved, or otherwise taken away
        Family Lifestyle: Comfortable
        Childhood Home: No permanent residence, you moved around a lot
        Childhood Memories: I had a few close friends and lived an ordinary childhood.
    Life Events:
        Boon: You saved the life of a commoner, who now owes you a life debt. This individual accompanies you on your travels and performs mundane tasks for you, but will leave if neglected, abused, or imperiled. Determine details about this character by using the supplemental tables and working with your DM.
        Job: You spent time working in a job related to your background. Start the game with an extra 2d6 gp.
        Marriage: You fell in love or got married to a(n) tabaxi laborer.
        Tragedy: War ravaged your home community, reducing everything to rubble and ruin. In the aftermath, you either helped your town rebuild or moved somewhere else.
        Arcane Matter: You were charmed or frightened by a spell.
    Trinket: A small cloth doll skewered with needles